Israel is continuing to intensify its
bombardment of Southern and Central Gaza
14 people have been killed near khun in
overnight bombing a house where
displaced people were Sheltering was
among the buildings hit Israeli
warplanes have also bombed the alghazi
camp in central Gaza rescue workers are
searching through Rubble for survivors
more than 22,000 Palestinians have been
killed in Gaza since Israel began its
campaign in October nearly half of the
victims are children Han mahmud's
joining us live now from Rafa in
southern Gaza the bombing continues the
attacks continue honey and more
Palestinians are
dying yes indeed this is the case and
this is what been seeing uh since the
past few weeks and the beginning of of
this uh genocidal War more Palestinians
are killed and and tens of thousand of
injuries as well as more uh residential
homes and and infrastructure being
completely destroyed or severely damaged
but what happened at at early hours of
of last night was the the attacks on al-
maasi area residential buildings very
close to this small slice of land where
thousand of Palestinians have been
Sheltering uh since the beginning of the
war when they were told by the Israeli
military that al- maasi at the western
side of Khan unit is a safe zone for
them to shelter in we're talking about
an overcrowded area now with thousand of
Palestinians set up their makeshift
tents and and
plastic nylon tend just to Shelter From
the uh the horror of the on ongoing word
this the attack just proven what what
people have been worried about since the
beginning of the war that there isn't a
single safe place in Gaza and the
Israeli Nar about safe zones is all
false and contradictory and vague and
confusing because they always find
themselves under heavy bombardment and
that wasn't proven accurate as of the
attacks of early hours of of last night
there are 14 people all from one family
Abu family who have been killed in that
residential homes now what happened to
the people who were Sheltering the M
area the all the de breeze and the
shrapnel and the smoke all fill on those
tents behind because we're talking about
a residential home that is only a couple
hundred meters away from this over
crowded uh area there are injuries among
those displaced Palestinians in those
tents in addition to the fact that Abu
family it came all the way from the
eastern part of hanun is displaced
Palestinian family Sheltering in that
residential home in Western kanun in Al
maasi area near to a gas station
petroleum station that aggravates the
problem as of the result of the
explosion the gas station also explode
and caused severe more damage to the
area artillery Shilling continue and
constantly since uh the past two days
and Al magazi as well and the central
area of the gas St more bombings and and
more massive air strikes just in a
preparation for uh for a ground
offensive as we speak K Mahmud in Rafa
in southern Gaza honey thank you very
much